How do I log into my GeM seller account?
What is the process for requesting a new product or service category on GeM?
My category request was rejected/pending. What additional information do you need from me to process my request?
How long does it take to review and approve a new category request?
I'm having technical difficulties submitting a category upgradation request. Can you assist?
Where can I find instructions or guidelines on what is needed for a category request?
I want to add new products/services but don't see an appropriate existing category. What should I do?
What type of supporting documents do you need for a new category request?
How will I be notified once my category request is approved?
Who reviews and approves new category requests?
What criteria do you use to evaluate requests for new categories?
Is there an appeal process if my request gets rejected?
I submitted a request to upgrade from a micro enterprise to a small enterprise based on my increased annual turnover. How long does it take to review and upgrade my seller profile?
I need to make changes to a category request I already submitted. Is there a way to edit a pending request?
Do you have any seller training programs that could help me better understand the requirements and process for submitting successful category addition requests?
Is there a limit to how many items I can have listed in a particular product or service category?
I have a new innovation that doesn't fit any of the existing categories. Can I still submit a request for a more customized category?
What quality standards or certifications are required to sell in some of the restricted categories? How do I apply for eligibility?
I have a new line of business I want to sell on GeM. What information should I submit if there isn't already a relevant category?
Is there a listing fee or subscription cost for accessing the GeM seller platform and listings? What is your commission structure?
Besides category additions and upgrades, what other seller requests can I submit through the Request Management System?