What is the Sahai platform and what is its purpose?
Who is eligible to register on the Sahai platform? What are the eligibility criteria?
How do I opt-in to register on the Sahai platform as a seller on GeM? Where can I find the option to opt-in?
Where can I view and agree to the terms and conditions for the Sahai platform?
Once I opt-in and agree to the terms, when will my Sahai virtual account be visible in my GeM profile?
How long does it take after opting-in to the Sahai platform for my account information to be created?
What details about my business as a seller on GeM are shared with the Sahai platform?
How is my information protected and secured when it is shared between GeM and Sahai?
Will opting into the Sahai platform lead to any changes in how I receive my payments for orders through GeM?
Can I receive financing through the Sahai platform even if I have only fulfilled one order on GeM?
Who can I contact if I have any other questions about registering or using the Sahai platform as a seller on GeM?
Is financing through the Sahai platform only available for sole proprietors or can other business legal entities like partnerships or private limited companies also apply?
Do I need to have a certain credit score or meet other financial eligibility criteria to qualify for financing from Sahai?
What kind of credit facilities are offered through Sahai (working capital loan, advance payment for orders etc)? What are the amounts, interest rates and repayment terms typically?
Can I receive credit from both Sahai platform and my regular bank at the same time or does opting for Sahai mean I have to take all financing from them?
Will choosing the Sahai platform financing affect my ability to take orders or receive payments from buyers on GeM platform in any way?
If I opt-in now but later choose not to take any credit facility from Sahai, is there a simple process for opting back out?
Will my personal/business financial or transactions data be shared with any other platform besides GeM if I opt for Sahai integration?