I don't have a PAN card. What other IDs can I use to register as a seller?
I entered the wrong PAN details by mistake when registering. How can I correct this?
My PAN verification failed even though I entered the right PAN. What should I do?
I don't have a company email ID. Can I use my personal email for seller registration?
I forgot my user ID. How can I retrieve it?
I'm unable to receive the OTP to verify my email. What should I do?
How do I add more users to my seller account after registration?
I selected the wrong organization type during registration. How can I change this?
How long does it take to activate my seller account after successful registration?
I haven't received approval for my seller registration. Who should I contact?
What all documents and details do I need to have ready before seller registration?
I want to register multiple organizations under my seller account. Is that allowed?
Can I update my seller profile information after registration is complete?
I'm unable to log into my seller account after registration. What should I do?
Who can I contact for any registration or account related queries?
What categories of products or services am I allowed to sell on GeM? Are there any restrictions?
I import some of my inventory. Can I still register as a seller on GeM?
I don't have a business registered in India. Can I still sell on GeM?
Are there any prerequisites or criteria my business needs to meet to be eligible to register as a seller?
What type of pricing models can I use when listing my products/services on GeM?
How do I get payment for my sales on GeM? What are the payment methods and timelines?
Are there any fees or commissions charged to sellers on transactions done via GeM?
Can I register a brand new business on GeM that is not operational yet?
Are there any seller workshops or training programs to help me learn using GeM portal?
Whom should I contact if I face technical issues with registration or using the seller portal?
Is there a size limit on documents I need to upload during registration?