Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar, welcome to Government E marketplace. In catalog management while requesting brand or OEM dashboard request, sellers will now get three options. We own a registered trademark for a brand. We are owners of a brand but do not have a registered trademark. We do not own any brand and want to apply for an OEM dashboard without brand. Italian features. You can submit a request for new brand as well, OEM dashboard for an existing brand through this functionality. Please read the guidelines document to know the mandatory requirements for brand creation and OEM dashboard. Once the request is submitted, it will be processed by the Gem brand approval team. It usually takes about seven days for the approval team to review the request. The game may ask for additional information on the request during this time. You can track the status of your request from the brand or OEM requests tab on your dashboard. Please note, if you do not have any website link to enter the link section, please enter NA. Furnishing wrong or misleading or spurious information will lead to rejection of your request for unregistered and unbranded products. The catalog uploaded will be sent to the product approval team. Only once it is approved by them, the product is published in the market. In registered brand case, the product is auto-published in the market. We own registered trademark for a brand. Please read the document guidelines before you proceed and show you have all the required documents ready for a upload. It is mandatory to upload the trademark certificate with this request. But option 1, if you have a registered trademark for the brand. Enter your brand name and click confirm to proceed. Click here to proceed. Please select yes if you wish to apply for an OEM dashboard as well. Please click on the hyperlink to view the attached document. This will help you understand your roles and responsibilities as an OEM. The OEM dashboard will also let you manage your resellers. Please mention your brand's website URL here. If you don't have one, please enter NA to proceed. You may hover over the eye icon for details. Select trademark certificate as the file type and click on upload to put on the chosen document here. Click here to upload more documents if required. Click on select file type and choose the document you wish to upload. Please select yes if you wish to apply for priority processing of your request to participate in an ongoing bid. Please read the undertaking and click on the checkbox to proceed and submit your request. Once the request is submitted, you can track the request status in the brand or OEM requests option under the published app. We are owner of a brand but do not have registered trademark. Please select the highlighted option if you don't have a registered trademark for your brand or if you have submitted an application for a trademark but it is pending approval. Please refer to the guideline document to know the required supporting documents. The OEM's company name will get added to the brand name while requesting. Click here to proceed. In an unregistered brand case, it is mandatory to upload a notarized stamped undertaking document. Also, the OEM dashboard will be pre-selected as the seller has to be a manufacturer OEM. Please note, the rest of the process for approval is similar to the first option. Please click here to download the OEM undertaking format. Please upload the undertaking document here. You may choose to upload more documents if required. Please select yes if you wish to apply for priority processing of your request to participate in an ongoing bid. Please read the undertaking and click on the checkbox to proceed and submit your request. Click here to proceed. Once the request is submitted, you can track the request status in the brand or OEM requests option under the published app. We do not own any brand and want to apply for OEM dashboard without brand. In absence of a brand, you'll need to select the highlighted option. The company's name will be appended to unbranded as shown below. Click here to proceed. The OEM dashboard will be pre-selected in this case as well. Please upload the supporting documents here. Please read the undertaking and click on the checkbox to proceed and submit your request. You can track the request status in the brand or OEM requests option. Thank you.