Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar. Welcome to Government E marketplace. The Catalog Management System enables the service providers to broadcast their services. Raycheats and introduce new services. Open gem.gov.in and click on login. Enter user ID, the capture text and click submit. Enter your password and click here to proceed. Click on catalog. Then from products select add new offering to enlist the product you want to offer. If you haven't deposited the caution money, you will see this message. Please go to my account section to pay caution money. Enter the product name or any relevant keywords to find your product category. List of product categories matching the keywords entered by you will open. Alternatively, you can search for the product category from the various subcategories listed here. If you are unable to find the required category, click here to request for creation or updation of category. Here you can create a request for modification of category. Select the request type here. Please fill in all the details. Upload the supporting document. Let's start the product upload process. On proceeding further, this screen will open. The product category we have selected here is cricket ball. Select the brand. If brand is not available in the list, click here to request for brand addition. Brand approval. In catalogue management, while requesting brand or OEM dashboard request, sellers will now get three options. We own registered trademark for a brand. We are owner of a brand but do not have registered trademark. We do not own any brand but want to apply for OEM dashboard without brand. Please refer to the brand approval module to understand the process. Clone existing catalogue. This functionality has been introduced to enable you to quickly create copies of existing catalogs, where all specifications accept a few have the same values. You can specify the catalogue of which you need to make a copy. Make changes in the required specifications and publish. On the catalogue upload screen, select the Clone Catalogue specification tab. Fill in the catalogue ID of an existing catalogue from the same category in the field. This tooltip mentions how you can easily find the catalogue ID of an existing catalogue. On clicking submit, all the specifications from the existing catalogue will be copied to the new catalogue. Golden and non-Golden parameters. A dialog box prompting for your consent to clone the specifications will pop up. Click on submit to proceed. Note. After cloning the specifications, you need to ensure that changes are made to at least one specification or the system will not allow you to publish a duplicate catalogue. If you need to sell an existing product, you should use the catalogue pair functionality instead. You can now proceed to add the stock details and make changes in the relevant specifications. Once done, you can publish the catalogue. If you want to upload a new product, select brand and fill in the details required. Fill all required details. Scroll down to see further details. If the product is already available in the marketplace, it will be shown for pairing. On choosing this item, system will skip step number two that is, catalogue information and ask you to update the offering quantity and price details directly. Click here to pair with the existing item. Click here if you wish to upload a new product. Fill all required details. Note. For OEMs uploading catalogue, only product FSSAI number needs to be updated on the catalogue information page. And the same is updated automatically as seller FSSAI number on the offering and quantity page. For resellers, both product FSSAI and seller FSSAI number needs to be updated during upload. Note. Update the FSSAI license number here. Mandate for certain categories. Click here to accept the license details. Click here to proceed. If you are uploading a product as a reseller, then proceed to upload. seller FSSAI needs to be updated by resellers here. If the reseller updates the product FSSAI number in the seller, FSSAI field. The system will display this error. Country of origin. OEM. Note. If OEM exists for a brand, any resellers uploading catalogue will not be able to add or update country of origin data. If you are selling a product as an OEM, then select country of origin appears. If you select India as country of origin, select yes for declaring local content as per make an India policy or no if not applicable. If you select yes, you have to fill in the percentage domestic content. Accept the declaration. Select the manufacturing address. This has been fetched from the My Account section. If you select no, it will show the message. You will not be entitled to any benefits under MII. For country of origin, resellers mention the country of origin. If you select India as country of origin, select yes for declaring local content as per make an India policy or no if not applicable. If the another seller comes and pairs with above catalogue, then he or she will enter country of origin as India and select MII, make an India as yes. Then second reseller will see repopulated and non-editable MII content and next to MII field, the reseller will see a text as below if the reseller doesn't agree with MII content. Once the catalogue is published, then on the PDP, the catalogue will show the MII content with a declaration note. That is, please note, local content value is as declared by reseller. Since OEM is not registered on GEM, declaration regarding MII content. If you are a MSE or OEM and want to opt for make an India MII declaration, click yes. Accept the declaration. If you select no, there will be no declaration to accept. If you are a non-DPIIT registered startup, you would have to choose from non-DPIIT registered startup, non-manufactured as a startup. If you are a DPIIT registered startup, choose from one of these options. Read the declaration and click to proceed. Undertaking for a non-DPIIT registered startup. If the product is not manufactured as a startup, there will be no declaration. Upload process for a reseller. Please fill in the details. When you select a particular zone, all the states of that zone will be automatically selected. Click OK to proceed. If you select a district, all the zip codes under that district will be automatically selected. You will see this message on your screen. Here you can choose and select specific pin codes. To update the stock details, enter the Capture text and click here to proceed. Please fill in the product specifications. Scroll down to see further specifications to be filled. Please upload three different images of the product according to the guidelines mentioned here. Click here to proceed. Please read the terms and conditions. Enter the Capture text and click here to proceed. You will see the message that the catalog has been created successfully. You can see the list of the published products. Thank you.