Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar. Welcome to Government E marketplace. Custom catalog based bear, seller participation. Many times the buyers have requirements to define bids for categories which are not part of the gem category set. Creating a gem category definition may take time due to the due diligence process involved for defining the gem category. Therefore this new functionality has been introduced for buyers for creating custom catalog based with for items not available on gem. Buyers can define custom catalog based bear based on their needs even when product and service category does not exist on gem. The sellers would participate in the bid based on the requirements defined by the buyer. The functionality allows buyers to create a custom catalog by providing relevant information such as title, reference price, selling unit, specifications, drawing documents, reference images, related categories etc. for, unavailable items, post creation of gem availability report. It allows buyers to merge two or more custom catalog. It allows sellers to participate and confirm compliance to the buyer custom catalog requirement. The sellers will be required to create a custom offering for the same and offer the same in the bid. The custom catalog requirements will be a part of the order and the contract. The functionality will be primarily useful for all buyers. The procurement of specialized products that are currently not available on gem. Procurement of technical or engineered products that would require detailed specifications, drawing etc. Feature of uploading custom specifications and drawing documents has been provided. Procurement of additional or side products that the buyer wants to procure but are not available on gem. Procurement of any one-time service or bunch of services such as site survey, one-time-ordered service, one-time training etc. Please enter the official website of gem www.gem.gov.in. Now click on login and enter your credentials to sign in. Click here to view the published bits in the marketplace. A functionality to search for available products or services or categories is available on your dashboard. Click here to view all the custom catalog bits. Click participate to proceed. You can view all the custom catalog previously created on this page. Click here to create a new catalog. The custom catalog can be created by using the existing custom catalogs in case previously created. While uploading a new custom catalog, it is mandatory for the user to select the brand undertaking. Fill in the details. It is mandatory to fill in the bid number. Click here to proceed. Select selling product as OEM or reseller. Upload the specification document. This will be used by buyer to evaluate your offerings with respect to their requirement. Click here to proceed. Upload images of the custom catalog. Once published, you may choose the custom catalog to participate. After choosing an item from available or uploaded custom items, you can download your specification document and buyer's document to compare. Enter the offer price and proceed with the regular bid participation process. Financial and other documents to be uploaded by the seller. Enter the OTP and Verify. Thank you.