Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar, welcome to Government E marketplace. Forward auction, bidder registration and participation. Forward auctions are auctions which can be used by sellers to sell their items to many potential buyers. Items are commonly placed at an online auction site. Buyers can continuously bid for the items they are interested in. Eventually the highest bidder wins the item. The secondary user registered as buyer on gem will have to be auto-registered as an auctioneer onto the FA module. To access the forward auction module auctioneer will need to first log in onto the gem portal using their user ID and password. Post successful login the buyer will be able to access the FA module. The link will redirect SSO login the auctioneer to the FA dashboard where he or she would be able to create their category. Create auctions or figure auction parameters such as start price, increments, time extension etc. For new buyer registration click sign up, buyer and fill the form. Click here to see auction details before getting registered on the auction website. auction notice preview page. Click here to view EMD details and business rules. Download document if any. View item wise EMD details. View business rules for new registration click sign up. Buyer enter email ID and password. Select user type like company, prop writer, individual and enter a person name. Buyer, buyer registration. Select category from the drop down. Update the address and contact details. Enter the verification code. Agree to the terms and conditions and click register to complete the sign up process. Click login. Buyer enter user ID. Password and click here to login. Post login screen for bidders. Click here to update payment details. Bank guarantee. Click here to accept terms and conditions. Post login screen for bidders. You will see the time left to fill bank guarantee details. EMD enter bgreference number, amount and date. Click here to upload reference document. Mention the name in the document description. Click here to submit for approval to the department. Note only bidder whose EMD requested being accepted by the department would be eligible to place their bid in the bidding hall. Payment status as accepted which means EMD has been received or accepted by the department. Verify on the same page if EMD request is accepted by the department or not. If rejected bidders are allowed to resubmit the EMD details before the due date of EMD payment. Accept terms and conditions. Click I agree to accept. Bidding hall view. Only those bidders whose EMD payment accepted by the department would be able to enter the bidding hall. EMD pay. Enable auto bid. Here is a reverse lock indicating due time of auction. Opening price is visible here. Enter amount to place any bid. Click here to confirm the bid. Bidding hall view. In case of multiple property. Enter the amount to place any bid and click submit. Click OK to confirm. Bid submitted successfully indicator can be seen here. Next bid price to be H1 bidder can be seen here. Rank generated one and H1 bid price is here. Enabling auto bid. Enter amount and click submit. Bidders can enter their budgeted price. The system will keep the bidder as H1 bidder. Rank 1 till this amount. Auto bid enabled successfully. Though the bidders have the option to bid manually. In case if he gets outbidded by other bidder during live auction. Go back to the bidding hall for manual bid. After enabling auto bid the submit option is removed for manual bidding. Here the system has the provision for bidders to switch another property in the same event during live auction. At any moment if bidders think that the rates are high for property he was bidding. That bidder can switch to another property having the same or lesser EMD amount in the same auction event. With the condition that he or she should not be H1 bidding in any particular property in the bidding hall. On he or she has bid EMD for multiple properties. Post auction bidding hall view for bidders to check and download the intimation letter. You can check bid history report. You can also download intimation letter. Draft intimation letter. System generated intimation letter would be emailed to the successful bidder. And bidders can download the same from bidding hall as and when required. Here is a sample of an intimation letter. Thank you.