Recognized Speech:
 Hello. Welcome to Government E Marketplace. OEM Panel. Manage approvals of sellers, catalogs and authorizations. The OEM Panel enables manufacturers to manage approvals of resellers, catalogs and authorizations. Open gem.gov.in and click on login. Enter user ID, the capture text and click submit. Enter your password and click here to proceed. After logging in, click on dashboard to proceed further. Under the My Action Staff, select OEM Panel. Manage approvals or manage catalogs. OEM gets an option to manage resellers and manage catalogs of their resellers pertaining to categories mentioned in quadrant 2. Manage reseller option is available for category Q2. The OEM can manage their resellers by uploading the authorization codes, which resellers use while uploading the catalog. Click here to proceed. Here, OEMs can add authorization code for their resellers. Click here to add authorization code details and save. You can also bulk upload the authorization codes and can download a sample file of CSV for reference by clicking on download all authorizations. Click here to delist a reseller through this panel by clicking on the remove option. Once removed by OEM, the reseller will not be able to use the authorization code. The OEM can approve authorization code, manage sellers and also can approve or reject catalogs. Here, the category should be either in Q3 or it is not assigned to any quadrant. The OEM has to select the brand as per category after that filter option appears. OEMs can see requests raised by resellers like catalog approval, MRP approval under this tab. On clicking the sellers tab, OEMs can see the status of authorization. If an OEM wants to mark any seller authorized or unauthorized, the OEM has to select the seller's name and then click on the valid or invalid button. On clicking here, OEM can authorize or deauthorize codes of resellers. If you want to unauthorize a reseller, click on invalid code. If a code is marked invalid, reason needs to be mentioned for rejecting code. On confirmation, the status will be updated in the reseller panel as shown. Manage catalog. Once the reseller uploads or pair the catalog, it reflects in the OEM panel under manage catalogs tab. While clicking on manage catalogs tab, OEM gets an option to pair or discontinue resellers catalog. If the OEM clicks on the pair tab, a pop-up message will appear for reconformation. Click here to confirm. If the OEM clicks on the discontinue tab, then a pop-up message will reflect for product discontinue confirmation as shown below. Thank you.