Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar. Welcome to Government E marketplace. Overview of dashboard, seller or service provider. Open Gen.gov.in and click on login. Enter the user ID, the capture text and click submit. Enter the password and click on submit. Click here and select my account to go to your profile. This is your profile page. Under catalog, click on products to add a new product. Search a product already uploaded by you or to view all the categories available. Under catalog, click on services to add a new product or search a product already uploaded by you. Click here to check all the purchase requisitions created by the buyer. You can also participate from here. Click here to check all the bits available. Select the type of bed you want to participate in or search with the bid number or item. Click here to check all the orders. Click here to filter out the orders, basis products or services. Click here to view the order status. Click here to view the market, the products and services available there. Click here to view your dashboard. The notifications for the seller would get displayed in the notification section. One, notification on latest bits. Two, latest announcement. MSME logo would be displayed for MSME sellers, womania MSE entrepreneurs. For MSME women entrepreneurs, registered with Udham Potal and start up India logo. Would be displayed for start up India registered sellers. On clicking, it would redirect the seller to a new link to capture the additional details. Wender assessment logo would open the Wender assessment details of the seller ratings, would display the gem rating of the seller. Navigation menu consists of notification section, summary section, orders and payments, seller statistics, bid or RA, statistics and insights, insights, category and products, products and services, product upload details and statistics, incidents, statistics and gem statistics. The summary section would display the summary of the following to the seller, seller rating, the score of the seller on parameters of quality, timely delivery, reliability and coverage, orders, the number of orders awaiting acceptance by the seller, the number of orders pending delivery by the seller, bid or RA, the total bid notifications received by the seller for participation. One week data, the total bid participated by the seller, where the technical or financial evaluation is pending, products, the total published products of the seller, the total product spending approval for publishing, incidents, the total incidents raised against the seller, where the seller responds, SCN response is pending, the total incidents raised by or raised against the seller, where action has not been taken by gem or are not closed. Transaction charges, the total transaction charges amount paid by the seller, the total transaction charges pending with the seller to be paid by the seller. The seller can see the total orders value and total order volume of all the orders placed, the order statistics would display the number of orders at various stages of the order processing life cycle. Click on the number of orders would open up a detailed report, the total orders awaiting acceptance would allow the seller to quickly accept the orders placed with them, order, trends. The objective is to display the following to the sellers, one, monthly order volume and value trend of their own orders, two, bifurcation of their order, value based on the buyer, to whom the sellers have delivered the products or services. Bifurcation of their order, value based on the purchase mode, bid direct purchase, here you can see one, buyer organization wise order volume, two, purchase mode wise order volume, the bid statistics would display the bid value and volume of the participated bids, bids one and bids lost. The recent 10 bids lost and the stage of evaluation in which those bids were lost is displayed along with a graph showing technical and financial comparative analysis. Click here to check the category in detail, category insights, rating insights, display the comparison of sellers rating with gem overall rating and top rated seller in the subcategory. Comparison of growth achieved by seller in order volume with that of gem in the subcategory. Comparison of growth achieved by seller in order value with that of gem in the subcategory. The buyer insights would provide percentage wise bifurcation of the buyers top five that have placed orders in the subcategories of sellers. The buyer bifurcation has been divided on the basis of central governments and state governments. The consigny location insights would present bifurcation of top five consigny states of the sellers subcategories on gem. Click here to check product and services in detail. The incident management can be used to raise the incidents for pre-order placement and post-order placement deviations. The pre-order placement incident management will deal with the deviations in product catalog. The post-order placement incident management will deal with the contract deviations. The incident statistics would display the number of incidents at various stages of the incident lifecycle. The click on the number of incidents would open up a detailed report. Clicking here would show the transaction values of products and services on gem. In this section, seller can see the latest topics posted by other users on the gem forum. Clicking on any link shall lead the sellers to gem forum. Through reports, the seller can extract the below types of information for a specific duration or date range. Order details, bid or are participated, bid or are not participated. Incident details, catalog details, under the dashboard menu option, on clicking manage caution money account, the seller gets redirected to the shown page. Sellers can check the balance, generate jalan and withdraw access funds on the screen. Under the dashboard menu option, on clicking upload tedious certificate, the seller gets redirected to the shown page. On the screen, seller can upload the tedious certificate with respect to the transaction page to gem for the orders. Thank you.