Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar. Welcome to Government E marketplace. Payr catalog. We will look at Case 1. Payr catalog Q3 scenario. Here are the product catalog uploaded by the product owner. If the seller wants to pair the product with any existing catalog, then after entering the golden parameters, the seller can choose the item from the eye frame. If the seller wants to proceed with a new item, click here to continue. Case 2. Payr catalog Q2 scenario. In the Q2 category, reseller can only pair their product with any existing catalog. OEM authorization would be required for pairing. reseller will not be able to upload any new catalog. To pair a product with an OEM in the Q2 category, the seller has to go to my account and select the reseller panel. Click here to proceed. Search the required category and select the brand. Enter the authorization number, shared by OEM and click on request to proceed. Click here to proceed. Once the reseller enters the authorization code, it will get verified automatically. Once authorization code is verified, reseller will be able to enter Q2 category for pairing after entering golden parameters. Seller will have to choose the item from the existing catalog. He will not be able to create a new catalog. Click here to select the item to proceed. Case 3. Pairing through Gem Catalog ID in Q2. In Q2 scenario, pairing can be done through Gem Catalog ID as well. OEM creates a catalog and provides the authorization code to reseller. After the authorization code is verified, buy the seller from his panel. The seller can search the category and enter Gem Catalog ID. Click here to select the Gem Catalog ID option to proceed. Enter the catalog ID here. In Q2, after entering the Gem ID, the seller will be asked if they wish to pair the product with the existing Gem Catalog. Click OK to proceed. Case 4. Pairing Catalog through link in PDP. Pairing through link in PDP, which means product description page, which says sell this item. In this, the reseller can pair with the catalog through the product description page. Seller has to log in, then click on market option. From there, it will take them to the market page and the seller can select their product. In the PDP, product description page, seller will find sell this item. After clicking on that seller admin page will appear and it will ask if they wish to proceed with pairing. Click here to view the list of bits. Select the product and click on it to open the product description page. To pair this product, click on sell this item. Note, in the Q2 scenario, pairing through PDP if the OEM has not authorized the reseller. The reseller will not get the sell this item option in PDP. Once this OEM authorizes the reseller and seller verifies the authorization code given by OEM, the sell this item option will be available for seller and he will be able to pair. Sellers confirmation will be required to pair the product. Click OK to complete the pairing. Thank you.