Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar, Welcome to Government A Marketplace. Reseller Panel Workflow Overview for resellers in categories that have been moved to CMS Quarrant 2 sellers that have been recognized as OEMs based on documentation submitted by OEM to Jim and sellers that have been authorized by OEMs based on authorization codes uploaded by OEM can sell products on the marketplace. Resellers can only pair catalogs created by respective brands OEM. Resellers will need to contact the brands OEM to get the correct authorization codes. Once an authorization code has been obtained, reseller can follow steps, describe in the following slides to get authorized and pair catalogs. Open Jim.gov.in and click on login. Enter your user ID and Capture and click on Submit. Click on My Account. Reseller Panel Requests Status Authorized reseller, Baring of catalogs as an authorized reseller in a Quadrant 2 category. Reseller can only pair catalogs created by OEM. The steps to pair a catalog are described in the following slides. Resellers catalog pair. Only brands reseller is authorized for. We'll be displayed in brand.gov. Reseller can enter Jim catalog ID or EAN number to enter golden parameters to pair catalog. If Jim catalog ID or EAN or golden parameters are valid, that is, a valid catalog exists for category and brand. System will display a message like above. Reseller needs to choose relevant authorization codes. Only authorized codes valid for category and brand will be visible in drop down. On choosing a code, all other authorization details will be auto-filled. Resellers authorization code unauthorized by OEM. If an OEM unauthorizes an authorization code, the catalogs paired by resellers using the authorization code will be removed from the market. Resellers will see notifications like above on their panel against the catalog. Resellers catalog bearing from marketplace. Type in the product you want to search and pair with. Click on the product you wish to pair with. Click here to proceed. Click here to pair with existing catalog. Thank you.