Recognized Speech:
 Hello, welcome to Government E marketplace. Cellar, Secondary User Creation. Open gem.gov.in and click on Logitech. Enter the user ID, the Capture Text and click Submit. Enter the password and click on Submit. Click here and select my account to go to your profile. This is your profile page. Click here to proceed. You can review the list of users here. You can add secondary user and define roles here. You can choose more than one role for secondary user. Click here to proceed. The activation link will be sent to the secondary user. Click here to proceed. If primary user has registered with Pan, the secondary user will have to register with Pan. If primary user has registered with Adhar, the secondary user will have to register with Adhar. Registration using Pan. Please fill in the required details and click here. Your Pan has been verified. Please fill in the required details and click here to receive an OTP. Please fill in the OTP and click here to verify the OTP. Please fill in the required details. Create a user ID and set the password. Click here to review the terms and conditions. Please read the terms and conditions carefully and click here to proceed further. Click here to create your account. A message will appear stating, you have been activated successfully. Registration using Adhar. Click here to proceed. Please fill in the required details. After filling in the Adhar number, click on verify Adhar to proceed. Enter OTP for verification and click here to verify. The Adhar has been verified. Please fill in the required details. Click your user ID and set a password. Click here to review the terms and conditions. Please read the terms and conditions carefully and click here to proceed further. Click here to create account. A message will appear stating, you have been activated successfully. After successfully activating the secondary user account, the secondary user can update their profile by logging in to gem portal with their credentials. Enter the user ID, the capture text and click submit. Enter the password and click on submit. Click on my account. Click here to proceed. Click here to receive OTP. Fill in the OTP and click here to verify. Click here to change password. Fill in the details and click here to save. Click here to change the email. Fill in the details and click here to receive OTP. Click here to update the mobile number. Fill in the details and click here to receive OTP. Thank you.