Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar, welcome to Government E marketplace. Supporting documents for MRP While uploading a new catalogue, Cellar now has to upload MRP supporting documents and catalogue supporting documents. Supporting documents of the following types can be uploaded for MRP. Photo of packaging showing MRP with any other relevant details visible. Quantity, Mass, Number of Pieces, Model Number, Brand Company Name. Product brochure provided by OEM showing MRP with other relevant information. Quantity, Mass Number of Pieces, Model Number, Brand or Company Name. Past Government Order copies showing MRP details or purchase order with any private or government entity showing MRP details. Quantity, Mass Number of Pieces, Model Number, Brand or Company Name. Not older than 6 months. GST I.N invoices showing the MRP not older than 6 months. In both documents having MRP details, not older than 6 months. MRP Declaration on OEM letterhead signed by Completed Authority of OEM. Select the document to be uploaded and click here to upload. Note the allowed formats are .bdf.jpeg.jpg.bng and allowed size is 1 MB. In appropriate documents, may lead to rejection of MRP. If the seller wants to upload more than one document, then he or she can click here and add more documents. Catalogue document guidelines. Under the Product Specification tab, sellers will have to upload at least one document as proof of catalogue details. Document or Spec Sheet or Data Sheet having details of the product model provided by the OEM. BIS Certificate or License. OEM Authorization document GST invoice showing back size, model number, any other mandatory license required for the product category. FSSAI License. BIS Certificate. C.E. European. USFDS Certificate. CPCB Certification. Or Certification provided by CPCB Authorized Agency etc. Any other documents. The document should have all the relevant details that pertain to the product seller trying to upload, specs or model number, product details etc. Select the document to be uploaded and click here to upload. Note. The allowed format is .PDF and allowed size is 1 MB. In appropriate documents, may lead to rejection of MRP. If the seller wants to upload more than one document, then he or she can click here and add more documents. After publishing the catalogue with documents, Admin notifies the documents with reasons for rejection or hold. The seller can view these under the notified products, seller can edit and submit. Seller can see his uploaded documents in show document history, option for both MRP and product specification documents, and can re-upload rejected documents and publish. Thank you.