Recognized Speech:
 Namaskar, welcome to government e-marketplace. When there is assessment, open gem.gov.in and click on login. Enter user ID, the capture text and click submit. Enter your password and click on submit to continue. After logging in, click on dashboard to proceed further. Under the My Action tab, select vendor assessment. You would see three options on the screen. Assessment, Assessment Exemptions and Assessment Exemption documents. If you fall in any of the exemption categories, you will proceed with the assessment exemption documents and assessment exemption tab. If you do not fall into any of the exemption categories, you will proceed with the assessment tab. To generate a new request, click on create new assessment. Please read the policy document carefully before proceeding with the assessment. Users have the option to submit VA as manufacturers or OEMs or as resellers. They can choose accordingly. Select the format and click here to proceed. A pre-fill form with seller profile information below. To please fill in the additional mobile number and additional email, click here to save and proceed. The bank details are also auto-fetched by the system. Click here to proceed. Add the category details to be verified. Note, please select the category carefully by confirming the technical specifications from the category available on the gem portal with respect to your product. Select your product category. To upload a copy of documents, die trademark certificate. The seller may select this checkbox and upload. Click on add rows to list all your product categories. Add sold details to be verified. Note, sold details updation is not mandatory. Click here to proceed. The financial details are auto-fetched by the system. Click here to proceed. Please fill in your payment details and click on make-paint and proceed. After you apply for assessment and email is sent to your registered email ID from gem.admin at qcion.org Detailing the process of assessment along with the link and login credentials to start the process. Please check your email to initiate the process of assessment. You can view your request here. If you fall under the exemption category, click on the assessment exemption document tab. Click here to create an exemption request. To raise an exemption request, certain documents need to be uploaded in the assessment exemption tab. Click here to select the document type. Select the name of the owner and nationality as a document type. Click here to upload the supporting document. Click here to continue. Select beneficial ownership declaration as document type to upload. Click here to download the beneficial ownership document to upload. Sample, beneficial ownership declaration. Click here to download the SOP for vendor assessment exemption basis constitution type of seller. Guidelines are documents for vendor assessment exemption. Upload the beneficial ownership document and click here to continue. Documents are uploaded. Click on assessment exemption documents tab. Click here to create an exemption request. Users have the option to submit to VA as manufacturers or OEMs or as resellers. They can choose accordingly. Exemption process for manufacturers or OEMs. Select manufacturers or OEMs and click here to proceed. Select from listed formats and click on save to proceed. Upload the document and click here to save and proceed. For central and state government, category details are not requested. For rest, the seller needs to update. Add the category details to be verified. Upload the document and click here to save and proceed. Click here to submit. Your vendor assessment exemption request has been created. Please note down the request ID for future reference. Exemption process for resellers. Select resellers and click here to proceed. Select from listed formats and click on save to proceed. Upload the document and click here to save and proceed. Click here to submit. You can view your request here. UCI's role-bosed vendor assessment submission. The vendor assessment will be assigned to UCI with a unique assessment number and will be visible in the vendor assessment panel or chair. UCI will then initiate the assessment by sending and email to the seller's registered email ID, detailing the process of assessment along with login credentials and update the status as pass or fail of assessment after completing the vendor assessment as per current process by digitally sending the parameters of the record and a PDF link of the report for the seller. UCI will also verify those sellers who have applied for exemption and marked their status as pass or fail in gem through their vendor assessment panel. The vendor assessment will be consumed by gem as per current process. Thank you.